"Hey, dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut."
"I'm sorry." "Hi sorry, I'm dad."
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
A butcher accidentally backed into his meat grinder and got a little behind in his work that day.
A farmer had 297 cows, when he rounded them up, he found he had 300.
A ghost walks into a bar and asks for a glass of vodka but the bar tender says, "sorry we don't serve spirits."
A girl once asked me what my heart desired, apparently blood, oxygen and neural messages were all wrong answers.
A man got hit in the head with a can of Coke, but he was alright because it was a soft drink.
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said "Two beers please, one for me and one for the road."
A man walks into a bar and orders helicopter flavor chips. The barman replies "sorry mate we only do plain."
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.
A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender "I'll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you". "Sure thing" the bartender replies and asks "but what's with the big pause?" The panda holds up his hands and says "I was born with them."
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food here."
A Skeleton walked into a bar he said I need a beer and a mop.
A steak pun is a rare medium well done.
A termite walks into a bar and asks "Is the bar tender here?"
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. Judge says, 'First offender?' She says, 'No, first a Gibson! Then a Fender!'
"Doctor, I've broken my arm in several places." Doctor "Well don't go to those places."
Americans can't switch from pounds to kilograms overnight. That would cause mass confusion.
An apple a day keeps the bullies away. If you throw it hard enough.
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
Astronomers got tired watching the moon go around the earth for 24 hours. They decided to call it a day.
Bought a new jacket suit the other day and it burst into flames. Well, it was a blazer.
Camping is intense.
Child: Dad, make me a sandwich. Dad: Poof! You're a sandwich.
Conjunctivitis.com – now that's a site for sore eyes.
Dad died because he couldn't remember his blood type. I will never forget his last words. Be positive.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? I don't think they'll fit me.
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? They had a reptile dysfunction.
Did you hear about the cheese factory explosion? There was nothing left but de-brie.
Did you hear about the cow who jumped over the barbed wire fence? It was udder destruction.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? He made a mint.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's ok, he woke up.
Did you hear about the runner who was criticized? He just took it in stride.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
Did you hear the joke about the wandering nun? She was a roman catholic.
Did you hear the news? FedEx and UPS are merging. They're going to go by the name Fed-Up from now on.
Did you hear the one about the giant pickle? He was kind of a big dill.
Did you know Albert Einstein was a real person? All this time, I thought he was just a theoretical physicist!
Did you know crocodiles could grow up to 15 feet? But most just have 4.
Did you know that ghosts call their true love their ghoul-friend?
Did you know you should always take an extra pair of pants golfing? Just in case you get a hole in one.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty.
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market.
Doctor you've got to help me, I'm addicted to Twitter. Doctor: I don't follow you.
Doctor: Do you want to hear the good news or the bad news? Patient: Good news please. Doctor: we're naming a disease after you.
Don't interrupt someone working intently on a puzzle. Chances are, you'll hear some crosswords.
Don't buy flowers at a monastery. Because only you can prevent florist friars.
Don't tell secrets in corn fields. Too many ears around.
Egyptians claimed to invent the guitar, but they were such lyres.
Ever wondered why bees hum? It's because they don't know the words.
Every machine in the coin factory broke down all of a sudden without explanation. It just doesn't make any cents.
Feeling pretty proud of myself. The Sesame Street puzzle I bought said 3-5 years, but I finished it in 18 months.
For Valentine's day, I decided to get my wife some beads for an abacus. It's the little things that count.
Frankenstein enters a bodybuilding competition and finds he has seriously misunderstood the objective.
Geology rocks, but Geography is where it's at!
Have you ever seen fruit preserves being made? It's jarring.
Have you heard about corduroy pillows? They're making headlines!
Have you heard about the film "Constipation", you probably haven't because it's not out yet.
Have you heard about the owl sanctuary job opening? It's all night shifts but they're all a hoot over there.
Have you heard the rumor going around about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu: You get what you deserve.
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night!
How can you tell a vampire has a cold? They start coffin.
How come a man driving a train got struck by lightning? He was a good conductor.
How did the hipster burn the roof of his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
How do locomotives know where they're going? Lots of training.
How do robots eat guacamole? With computer chips.
How do the trees get on the internet? They log on.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for fresh prints.
How do you get two whales in a car? Start in England and drive West.
How do you know if there's an elephant under your bed? Your head hits the ceiling!
How do you make a hankie dance? Put a little boogie in it.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
How do you make Lady Gaga cry? Poker face.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How does a dyslexic poet write? Inverse.
How does a French skeleton say hello? Bone-jour.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
How does a vampire start a letter? Tomb it may concern...
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, it's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb? 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Ten-tickles!
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
I accidentally took my cats meds last night. Don't ask meow.
I always wanted to look into why I procrastinate, but I keep putting it off.
I asked my date to go to the gym the other day. They never showed up. That's when I knew we wouldn't work out.
I asked the dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
I asked the librarian if the library had books on paranoia. She whispered, 'They're right behind you.'
I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic, they said: go ahead, knock yourself out.
I ate a clock yesterday. It was so time consuming.
I boiled a funny bone last night and had a laughing stock.
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I decided to sell my Hoover… well it was just collecting dust.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks.
I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
I gave my friend 10 puns hoping that one of them would make him laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
I got an A on my origami assignment when I turned my paper into my teacher.
I got fired from a florist, apparently I took too many leaves.
I got fired from the transmission factory, turns out I didn't put on enough shifts...
I had a dream that I was a muffler last night. I woke up exhausted!
I had a pair of racing snails. I removed their shells to make them more aerodynamic, but they became sluggish.
I had a rough day, and then somebody went and ripped the front and back pages from my dictionary. It just goes from bad to worse.
I hate perforated lines, they're tearable.
I heard there was a new store called Moderation. They have everything there.
I invented a new word! Plagiarism!
I just broke my guitar. It's okay, I won't fret.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
I knew i shouldn't have ate that seafood. Because now i'm feeling a little… Eel.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
I know he means well.
I made a belt out of watches once... It was a waist of time.
I made a playlist for hiking. It has music from Peanuts, The Cranberries, and Eminem. I call it my Trail Mix.
I met this girl on a dating site and, I don't know, we just clicked.
I once got fired from a calendar factory. All I did was take a day off.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know.
I remember when I was a kid, I opened my fridge and noticed one of my vegetables were crying. I guess I have some emotional cabbage.
I saw a documentary on TV last night about how they put ships together. It was rivetting.
I saw my husband trip and fall while carrying a laundry basket full of ironed clothes. I watched it all unfold.
I started a new business making yachts in my attic this year...the sails are going through the roof.
I think circles are pointless.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop signing "I'm A Believer"... Then I saw her face.
I told a joke about chemistry, but I got no reaction.
I told my computer I needed a break, and it said: 'You seem stressed.'
I told my friend 10 jokes to make him laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
I tried taking some high resolution photos of local farmland, but they all turned out a bit grainy.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
I used to hate facial hair... but then it grew on me.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
I wanted to be a tailor but I didn't suit the job.
I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday. I wasn't putting in enough shifts.
I was in an 80's band called the prevention. We were better than the cure.
I was just looking at my ceiling. Not sure if it's the best ceiling in the world, but it's definitely up there.
I was so proud when I finished the puzzle in six months, when on the side it said three to four years.
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
I went on a date last night with a girl from the zoo. It was great. She's a keeper.
I went to a Foo Fighters Concert once... It was Everlong...
I went to the store to pick up eight cans of sprite... when I got home I realized I'd only picked seven up.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
I would tell you a joke about paper, but it's tearable.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
I'll tell you something about German sausages, they're the wurst.
I've deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it's Hans free.
I'd like to start a diet, but I've got too much on my plate right now.
If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks--it cost me an arm and a leg!
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
In the news a courtroom artist was arrested today, I'm not surprised, he always seemed sketchy.
It doesn't matter how much you push the envelope. It will still be stationary.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
It was raining cats and dogs the other day. I almost stepped in a poodle.
It was so cold yesterday my computer froze. My own fault though, I left too many windows open.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs, because they take everything literally.
It's difficult to say what my wife does, she sells sea shells by the sea shore.
I've been trying to come up with a dad joke about momentum . . . but I just can't seem to get it going.
I've got a joke about vegetables for you... but it's a bit corny.
I've just written a song about a tortilla. Well, it is more of a rap really.
I've started telling everyone about the benefits of eating dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness.
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
Just watched a documentary about beavers… It was the best damn program I've ever seen.
Man, I really love my furniture... me and my recliner go way back.
Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth – its pasteurized before you even see it.
Mountains aren't just funny, they are hill areas.
My boss told me that he was going to fire the person with the worst posture. I have a hunch, it might be me.
My boss told me to attach two pieces of wood together... I totally nailed it!
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don't think it's feline well.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad I had to take his bike away.
My friend keeps telling me "Cheer up. You aren't stuck in a deep hole in the ground, filled with water."
My friend told me that pepper is the best seasoning for a roast, but I took it with a grain of salt.
My new thesaurus is terrible. In fact, it's so bad, I'd say it's terrible.
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.
My pet mouse 'Elvis' died last night. He was caught in a trap.
My sister bet me $15 that I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti. You should have seen the look on her face as I drove pasta.
My son is studying to be a surgeon, I just hope he makes the cut.
My wife is on a tropical fruit diet, the house is full of stuff. It is enough to make a mango crazy.
Never take advice from electrons. They are always negative.
Never Trust Someone With Graph Paper... They're always plotting something.
No matter how kind you are, German children are kinder.
Parallel lines have so much in common. It's a shame they'll never meet.
Recent survey revealed 6 out of 7 dwarf's aren't happy.
Remember, the best angle to approach a problem from is the "try" angle.
Scientists finally did a study on forks. It's about tine!
Sgt.: Commissar! Commissar! The troops are revolting! Commissar: Well, you're pretty repulsive yourself.
Slept like a log last night … woke up in the fireplace.
So a duck walks into a pharmacy and says "Give me some chap-stick… and put it on my bill."
Some people eat light bulbs. They say it's a nice light snack.
Some people say that I never got over my obsession with Phil Collins. But take a look at me now.
Somebody stole my Microsoft Office and they're going to pay - you have my Word.
Someone asked me to name two structures that hold water. I said "Well dam."
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward. That's just how I roll.
The best time on a clock is 6:30--hands down.
The great thing about stationery shops is they're always in the same place...
The other day I was listening to a song about superglue, it's been stuck in my head ever since.
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
The urge to sing the Lion King song is just a whim away.
There are two types of people in this world, those who can extrapolate from incomplete data...
They say Dodger Stadium can hold up to fifty-six thousand people, but that is just a ballpark figure.
This furniture store keeps emailing me, all I wanted was one night stand!
To the person who stole my anti-depressant pills: I hope you're happy now.
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I'm sure I've never met herbivore.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
Two dyslexics walk into a bra.
Two guys walked into a bar, the third one ducked.
Two parrots are sitting on a perch. One turns to the other and asks, "do you smell fish?"
Two peanuts were walking down the street. One was a salted.
Two satellites decided to get married. The wedding wasn't much, but the reception was incredible.
Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
Want to hear a chimney joke? Got stacks of em! First one's on the house.
Want to hear a joke about construction? Nah, I'm still working on it.
We all know where the Big Apple is but does anyone know where the Minneapolis?
What animal is always at a game of cricket? A bat.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday...the rest are weekdays.
What did one nut say as he chased another nut? I'm a cashew!
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
What did the big flower say to the littler flower? Hi, bud!
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What did the calculator say to the student? You can count on me.
What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? Look, no hands!
What did the doctor say to the gingerbread man who broke his leg? Try icing it.
What did the dog say to the two trees? Bark bark.
What did the Dorito farmer say to the other Dorito farmer? Cool Ranch!
What did the drummer name her twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two...
What did the father tomato say to the baby tomato whilst on a family walk? Ketchup.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
What did the green grape say to the purple grape? BREATH!!
What did the hat say to the scarf? You can hang around. I'll just go on ahead.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Thanks for all the sediment.
What did the Red light say to the Green light? Don't look at me I'm changing!
What did the shy pebble wish for? That she was a little boulder.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? "HDMI"
What do Alexander the Great and Winnie the Pooh have in common? Same middle name.
What do bees do after they are married? They go on a honeymoon.
What do birds give out on Halloween? Tweets.
What do computers and air conditioners have in common? They both become useless when you open windows.
What do I look like? A JOKE MACHINE!?
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB.
What do you call a beehive without the b's? An eehive.
What do you call a belt made out of watches? A waist of time.
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick.
What do you call a careful wolf? Aware wolf.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef.
What do you call a crowd of chess players bragging about their wins in a hotel lobby? Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
What do you call a dad that has fallen through the ice? A Popsicle.
What do you call a dictionary on drugs? High definition.
What do you call a dog that can do magic tricks? A labracadabrador.
What do you call a duck that gets all A's? A wise quacker.
What do you call a factory that makes good products? A satisfactory.
What do you call a fashionable lawn statue with an excellent sense of rhythmn? A metro-gnome.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
What do you call a monkey in a mine field? A babooooom!
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop!
What do you call a pile of cats? A Meowtain.
What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
What do you call a troublesome Canadian high schooler? A poutine.
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What do you call an eagle who can play the piano? Talonted!
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta.
What do you call two barracuda fish? A Pairacuda!
What do you call your friend who stands in a hole? Phil.
What do you do on a remote island? Try and find the TV island it belongs to.
What do you do when you see a space man? Park your car, man.
What do you do when your bunny gets wet? You get your hare dryer.
What do you get if you cross a turkey with a ghost? A poultry-geist!
What do you get when you cross a bee and a sheep? A bah-humbug.
What do you get when you cross a rabbit with a water hose? Hare spray.
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds!
What does a female snake use for support? A co-Bra!
What don't watermelons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad.
What happens when you anger a brain surgeon? They will give you a piece of your mind.
What is a centipedes's favorite Beatle song? I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand...
What is a witch's favorite subject in school? Spelling!
What is red and smells like blue paint? Red paint!
What is the best way to carve? Whittle by whittle.
What is the hardest part about sky diving? The ground.
What is the tallest building in the world? The library – it's got the most stories!
What is this movie about? It is about 2 hours long.
What is worse then finding a worm in your Apple? Finding half a worm in your Apple.
What kind of bagel can fly? A plain bagel.
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? A stega-snore-us.
What kind of dog lives in a particle accelerator? A Fermilabrador Retriever.
What was the pumpkin's favorite sport? Squash.
What's E.T. short for? He's only got little legs.
What's the longest word in the dictionary? Smiles. Because there's a mile between the two S's.
What's black and white and read all over? The newspaper.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
What's the difference between a rooster and a crow? A rooster can crow but a crow cannot rooster.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
When is a door not a door? When it's ajar.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, 'No, just leave it in the carton!'
Where did you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school.
Where do bees go to the bathroom? The BP station.
Where do fish keep their money? In the riverbank.
Where do hamburgers go to dance? The meat-ball.
Where do rabbits go after they get married? On a bunny-moon.
Where do sheep go to get their hair cut? The baa-baa shop.
Where do you learn to make banana splits? At sundae school.
Where do you take someone who has been injured in a Peek-a-boo accident? To the I.C.U.
Where does Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies.
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed? At the bottom!
Where's the bin? Dad: I haven't been anywhere!
Which is the fastest growing city in the world? Dublin'.
Who is the coolest Doctor in the hospital? The hip Doctor!
Why are basketball players messy eaters? Because they are always dribbling.
Why are elevator jokes so classic? They work on so many levels.
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin.
Why are snake races so exciting? They're always neck and neck.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? It's two-tired.
Why can't a leopard hide? Because he's always spotted.
Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two-tired.
Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out, man.
Why did Dracula lie in the wrong coffin? He made a grave mistake.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? He was not "peeling" well.
Why did the belt go to prison? He held up a pair of pants!
Why did the chicken get a penalty? For fowl play.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
Why did the cookie cry? Because his mother was a wafer so long.
Why did the cookie cry? It was feeling crumby.
Why did the cowboy have a weiner dog? Somebody told him to get a long little doggy.
Why did the feline fail the lie detector test? Because he be lion.
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
Why did the math book look sad? It had too many problems.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the sentence fail the driving test? It never came to a full stop.
Why did the teddy bear say "no" to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why didn't the orange win the race? It ran out of juice.
Why didn't the number 4 get into the nightclub? Because he is 2 square.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs!
Why do birds fly south for the winter? Because it's too far to walk.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.
Why do ducks make great detectives? They always quack the case.
Why do mathematicians hate the U.S.? Because it's indivisible.
Why do nurses carry around red crayons? Sometimes they need to draw blood.
Why do pumpkins sit on people's porches? They have no hands to knock on the door.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? Dunno, they're just a bit shady.
Why do valley girls hang out in odd numbered groups? Because they can't even.
Why do wizards clean their teeth three times a day? To prevent bat breath!
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Why does it take longer to get from 1st to 2nd base, than it does to get from 2nd to 3rd base? Because there's a Shortstop in between!
Why does Norway have barcodes on their battleships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian.
Why does Superman get invited to dinners? Because he is a Supperhero.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have nobody to go with.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
Why don't sharks eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
Why don't skeletons fight each other? They don't have the guts.
Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? Cause you shouldn't press your luck.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? Because he's a pain in the neck.
Why is the new Kindle screen textured to look like paper? So you feel write at home.
Why should you never trust a pig with a secret? Because it's bound to squeal.
Why was it called the dark ages? Because of all the knights.
Why was Santa's little helper feeling depressed? Because he has low elf esteem.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
Why was the broom late for the meeting? He overswept.
Why was the picture sent to prison? It was framed.
Why was the robot angry? Because someone kept pressing his buttons!
Why was the shirt happy to hang around the tank top? Because it was armless.
Why was the stadium so cold? Because there were a lot of fans.
Why was the strawberry sad? Its parents were in a jam.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
Yesterday, I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm okay, but I feel like I've dyed a little inside.
You can't trust a ladder. It will always let you down.
You know what they say about cliffhangers...
You will never guess what Elsa did to the balloon. She let it go.
